[♪...]
FORTUNO: Your fate
has been sealed.
It is useless to try to write
what was already written
by the stars many years ago.
You believed that you
would achieve greatness
but you're nothing more
than a pawn in a game
beyond your comprehension.
And now you will give me that
which I seek.
Man: This, isn't over yet!
Number 16: Shock master!
Attack!
Hey, who are you?
Tell me!
You need not worry your hapless
self about who I am, but who I
have sworn allegiance to.
And who's that?
I serve at the pleasure of my
great master, Kite!
It is for him that I take not
only your number card,
but your very being!
Your bidding has been done, my
master - Another number
card has been obtained.
[♪...]
♪ as life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never amount
to nothing ♪
♪ down and down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid to challenge
myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams from dieing ♪
♪ I hi-Five the skys ♪
♪ spread my wings say got this
time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to make it all
the way ♪
♪ take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe...♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave all my
fears behind ♪
♪ my future is still alive
inside ♪
♪ take a chance to Chase my
doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me through my
darkest days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to make it all
the way ♪
♪ take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ take a breathe my heart will
lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'm taking a chance today ♪
YUMA: Look out, world, '
cause here comes yuma!
That's right!
Someone Powered up his deck!
Boom!
How do you feel today, my
awesome little darlings?
Feel like getting out there and
takin' some fools down!?
why do you look so blue?
Astral: I suppose it is just my
pigmentation.
Or perhaps, something to do
with light refraction.
Uh, whaddya talking about?
I mean, why do you look sad?
TORI: Hey, yuma!
Uh
what's up, guys!
Something is going down.
That's what's up.
Come on, we need to
have a serious chat!
This doesn't sound good
whaa!
What happened to these people!?
BRONK: Nobody knows much!
CASWELL: They all went missing
at one point and ever since they
were found, they seemed to have
aged or something and they just
stare off into space and-
drool!
They're like zombies!
Yuma, these people only
have one thing in common
they're duelists.
And before they went missing,
every single one of them had
found a number card!
Uh.
Seriously?
In the end yuma, since you
possess a number card,
it stands to reason that
you are in danger.
Naah!
I'm sure it's just a
big co-Eenk-Ee-Dink!
Anyone do the math homework?
You're hiding something!
What do you know, yuma!?
are number cards, like,
you know, dangerous?
I dunno.
Why would they be?
Don't play dumb!
I, uh, I gotta go
to the bathroom!
Wait up!
What's he hiding?
Yuma
Why are you keeping the
truth from your friends?
I dunno, I guess, I guess I
don't want them to get involved
with all the Kite stuff, the
less they know, the better.
I see.
Perhaps you are right
I guess all those people
in the news were people
that Kite hunted down.
Well, maybe we should hunt him
down so that we can go ahead and
put him in his place!
And how do you propose we,
"put him in his place?"
are you telling me you're
still scared of that jerk?
Astral!
If you wanna get your memories
back, then sooner or later,
we're gonna have to defeat Kite
and get those number cards!
And what happens if we lose?
Kite gets to add your soul to
his growing collection and I
vanish away to who knows where!
That's why we won't
lose, astral!
CATHY: Uh, hello yuma.
Oh man!
You scared me.
What are you doing up here, cat?
You remembered my name
um, who were you talking to?
You know what, I've gotta
go to the bathroom.
See ya later.
Bye-Bye, cat!
Okay, well that was weird.
Master Kite, I present to you my
latest Conquest,
number 16: Shock master.
Now let us find out
what fate holds next.
I bring forth my
fortuneteller's deck
the deck is showing me
the signs, stray lambs
in the dark.
Their Shepherd will come
looking for them, he will
bring us another number
See ya later!
Hang on, yuma!
I gotta do some
shopping for grandma!
Bye!
Argh, escaped again!
Me and Caswell got a
little idea, Tori.
"The Super secret number card
investigation Club?"
that's right!
Although, now that I
hear you say it, I guess
it's kind of a mouthful
the point remains - If yuma
isn't going to talk about number
cards, then we'll have to
uncover the mystery!
FLIP: Did someone say mystery!
I love a good mystery!
I am requesting
membership in your club!
Sure, flip!
Hey, in fact - You had a number
card at one point, right?
I did!
And I would be more than happy
to tell you what I
remember about my experience!
So tell us!
What I remember is
absolutely nothing!
That's a big help!
Um.
Hello.
I would like to join your
investigation club, as well.
Uh, okay,
earlier, I saw yuma
talking with himself.
Oh, yeah, he does that.
What was he talking about?
Numbers and, and flying kites.
Flyin' kites?
What's that about?
Maybe number card people use
kites to signal each other
whatever!
Let's split up and
track down some leads!
Sounds Good!
We can do this!
We're the super secret number
card investigation club!
Alright!
Let's go!
They say dogs are the best
animals for tracking things down
let's prove them wrong!
There is certainly a lot of
mystery surrounding these number
cards, but - in the end,
everything has
a logical explanation.
A mystery is just a puzzle.
A puzzle has pieces.
Pieces fit together, but how?
And what if you don't
have all the pieces?
Or the box that tells you
what the puzzle is even
supposed to even look LIKE
very curious
excuse me, uh
shark: Why are you running
around and asking people
about number cards?
Oh, hey shark .Do you know
anything about number cards?
I know that they're bad news,
and that you shouldn't be asking
random Strangers about them.
Whaddya mean?
Why not?
This isn't a game that you wanna
be playing, Tori,
leave it alone.
Go home.
Shark
anyone else have any luck?
Not me.
Not me, either.
Yeah, I got nothin'.
in the end, this mystery may
remain a mystery.
Have no fear!
Flip is here!
Sometimes you've just gotta look
in unlikely places, which is
exactly what I did!
Uh
What is this place, flip?
I was told that this mansion
belongs to a world-Renowned
fortune teller!
A what?
A fortune teller is somebody Who
is magical and all-knowing!
And what have we here, stray
little lambs looking for
answers and guidance?
I have been expecting you,
follow me and I will lead you
towards the enlightenment
you all are seeking.
I got a bad feeling about this.
Probably the burrito you
had for lunch.
This place is like a museum.
Yeah, a haunted museum.
Shh!
Where's he taking us?
Uh, nice place.
I know why you're here.
You seek to gain knowledge about
something that is troubling you.
How did you know!?
I see everything!
What you're looking for is
let's see
I'm seeing a rectangle,
something thin, I'm seeing
a card!
Not just a normal card, a
powerful card, it's, no, not one
specific card, a type of card,
yeah, we're looking for!
Shh
I'm seeing visions of, numbers!
How does he know that? We
never mentioned anything
about no numbers!
It's got to be some
kind of trickery.
Show some respect!
There's no trickery
in fortune-Telling!
So, what else do you see?
Do you see anything
more about these numbers?
These numbers contain
a great evil
evil?
They seek to possess those who
hold them, they invade their
hearts and corrupt their spirits
so yuma he, he could end
up like those people we saw!
Tell me.
Who is this yuma?
Our friend, he
he's got one of
the number cards.
We've been worried
because he won't tell us what he
knows about it even though, we
can tell, he knows something
that he's not telling us.
Unfortunately,
my vision ends here.
Your vision ends here
you have given me what the stars
said you would, my dear little
Lamb, my master is going to be
most grateful.
Hey, Tori, let's go.
Actually, I was hoping that you
could stick around a little.
Cat, go get help!
Yes, go get help.
Stop all the sighing!
It's really bumming me out.
That does it.
We're totally starting
up a quarter jar policy!
Yuma!
Cat!?
you have to do something!
What exactly do you
need me to do?
It's Tori and the others, they!
They what?
Spit it out!
Cat!
Cat Cannot hear you right now.
Wha?
What's going on with your voice?
My name is fortuno.
I am a seer of all things and I
bring to you a message on behalf
of my master, Kite.
Kite?
Oh dear.
We have your friends, yuma, if
you want to see them again,
you must come to my
mansion and duel me.
If you refuse my request,
then your friends will be
will be what?
They'll be
what happened?
I must have blacked
out, or something.
Where is this mansion?
You have to take me.
Yeah, follow me.
Wait!
I do not like this.
We cannot simply go running
headfirst into What is
clearly some sort of ambush.
Oh, well what do you
wanna do then, smart guy?
Stay here and do nothing?
Astral, my friends
are in trouble!
You cannot save them if you
cannot defeat Kite.
Kite is skilled beyond anyone I
have ever encountered.
He is cunning and clever
in ways that elude me.
There is no guarantee
that we can defeat him, yuma.
So you think I should only duel
people when I have a hundred
percent chance of victory?!
that is correct.
My very existence is on
the line when you duel, yuma.
Why would I encourage you to
duel someone when I know
you will lose to them?
Because we!
If you run into Kite's ambush
right now, you will lose
and you will have failed to save
your friends and then I will be
you don't know
that I'll lose!
Yuma?
Forget it.
It's obvious that you
don't wanna help me.
Whatever.
I don't need you!
Nobody Breath, nobody sneeze,
nobody panic, nobody move!
Somebody save me!
Calm Down, flip!
Tori!
Bronk!
Yuma?
Whoa!
Check it out!
Hey, guys!
You ok!?
why can't we hear them?
Welcome, yuma!
So glad that you could make it.
Are you fortuno?
You need to let me
friends go, right now!
I will gladly release them if
you can defeat me in a duel,
and I hope you don't mind, but
my master Kite
will be spectating
Kite
astral, I thought
you weren't coming
Hey, astral?
Master Kite!
I, your humble servant,
will defeat this boy
and seize his number!
You think so!?
soon, your soul will
belong to my master!
I don't think so pal!
Soon, you're gonna be
lying on the floor without
any life points.
And I'll be leaving
with my friends.
Duel disk go!
Duel Gazer Let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Let's duel!
I'll take the first move.
Prepare yourself, I draw!
I summon orange shaman
in attack mode, ha!
A monster with No attack points
and with that, I place one card
facedown and end my turn!
Get set to get decked, pal!
I draw!
I summon gogogo golem!
Aw, yeah!
Right now, he can deal a lotta
damage in a single strike!
I activate orange shaman's
special ability!
Since you summoned gogogo golem,
orange shaman can Usher another
shaman to my field!
Appear before me, red shaman!
Zero attack points again you
must not attack him!
What are you, nuts?
This is my moment.
Openings don't get
any better than this!
Gogogo Golem attack!
I reveal the trap
dance of the guardian!
This allows me to choose one
card in your hand, and if it
just happens to be
a monster card, then your
attack will be nullified!
And I already know
what you're holding!
No you don't, it's not like
you're some kinda
psychic or something!
Yuma, he is!
You have five cards
in your hand!
There's only one monster
card among them.
That would be the second
card from the right.
Whoa, how did you?
At this moment dance of the
guardian sends the card I
selected to your graveyard and I
am able to draw from my deck!
No, gagaga magician!
Okay
I guess you are a psychic!
Nothing that I have learned
about the human Mind would lead
me to believe that a man is
capable of this power.
Does Kite also
have this ability?
If so, stopping
him maybe impossible.
I mean, seriously
how is that fair?
Now, yuma - Defend.
You must fortify with
that trap in your hand!
That's all I can do for now.
I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
It is my turn, then!
I activate the
spell shaman call!
When I have two spellcasters
with Zero attack points, shaman
call grants me the
power to summon another
shaman from my deck!
I summon green shaman
to the field!
Uh-Oh
this is why he consecutively
summoned Two monsters that had
no attack points.
Witness the power of those
who see beyond time!
Watch in wonder as
I overlay orange shaman,
red shaman and green shaman!
With These three monsters, I
build the overlay network!
I xyz summon, number
sixteen: Shock master!
That thing is freaky looking!
Behold shock master's
special ability!
Once a turn, I can use one
overlay unit to negate the
effect of a card
type of my choosing!
Any type?
That's correct, my boy, and the
card type I choose can't
be used for two turns!
I can see it right now!
The exact type of
your facedown card
he knows.
My vision grows clear, your
facedown card is a trap!
No way!
I declare that trap cards
cannot be activated!
I do hope that you weren't
planning on using that
card to stop my attacks
shock master take out
gogogo golem!
Oh!
Did I forget to mention?
Your friends' safety
depends on you.
The more life points you lose
the more the rock on which
they stand will crumble!
Not cool!
Are you prepared to
bow before my power and
before my master, Kite!?
and now your soul
and number cards
will be mine!
Galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon!
Prepare to attack!
Is this it?!
I am afraid so
farewell
this feeling I have this
trembling in my spirit
I think I now understand
what it means to be afraid.